C# operators reference: nit picks (#15448)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/language-reference/operators/arithmetic-operators.md

---
# Arithmetic operators (C# reference)

> The following operators perform arithmetic operations with the operands of numeric types:

Reviewer: To be more accurate for unary operators.

```suggestion
The following operators perform arithmetic operations with the operand(s) of numeric types:
```

Author: I think current wording is fine, though not perfectly accurate. To me, those parentheses look rather distracting than helping.

[!code-csharp-interactive[unary plus and minus](~/samples/csharp/language-reference/operators/ArithmeticOperators.cs#UnaryPlusAndMinus)]

The [ulong](../builtin-types/integral-numeric-types.md) type doesn't support the unary `-` operator.

> ## Multiplication operator *

Reviewer: I'm not sure if this should be escaped ?

```suggestion
## Multiplication operator \*
```

Author: No escape necessary, it renders well as it is now
